# IronMetPlot
This repository contains data (excel sheets) for iron metoerites and correpsonding Python notebooks to plot the data. The excel files are especially useful for anyone requiring iron meteorite chemical data for research purposes. There is some isotopic data as well. The Python notebooks read data from the excel sheets and plot them. These data and plotting routines are excellent tools for evaluating new meteorites.

These notebooks run on Google Colab and can be accessed with a Google account. A native installation of Python is not required, although I find that a script run on a native Python installation is more powerful and affords more convenience for examining plotted data (i.e. you can scale, resize, and zoom into the plots after running the code). In Python notebooks, you cannot make these changes "after the fact", you have to adjust the code accordingly and replot to get the desired changes. On the otherhand, Google Colab Python notebooks offer unparralelled accessibility and don't require you to download Python, a text-editor, or any of the necessary Python packages on your computer. The notebooks are provided here. If one wants to use their native Python installation as opposed to Colab, the notebooks can be downloaded and run on your computer if you have Jupyter notebooks installed. Or you can copy and paste the notebook codes into a single script and run it like a normal Python script.  

Read the instriunctions at the beginning of each notebook for more information on what the notebook does. The notebook metplotter.ipynb is commented and contains explantions for each part of the code. If you are unfamiliar with Python, I recomend you start there. The other notebooks follow have a similar format as metplotter.ipynb.
